Add reference to minikube for local dev (#2088)
kubernetes/sig-release: release-team/role-handbooks/communications/release-blog.md

### Availability

> Kubernetes 1.XX is available for download on [GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.XX.0). To get started with Kubernetes, check out these [interactive tutorials](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/) or run local Kubernetes clusters using [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/). You can also easily install 1.XX using [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/create-cluster-kubeadm/). 

Reviewer: we could link to both minikube and kind here and give user options

Reviewer 2: i am +1 to include both but this comment by mrbobbytables brings an interesting point presumably coordinated with kind maintainers
https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/35519#issuecomment-1307753392

thus, it might be a good idea to advertise two distinct sections  under availability: ci/testing k8s - kind, local dev - minikube

Reviewer 3: We could link to https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/learning-environment/

However, pending https://github.com/kubernetes/website/issues/36048, that's not yet a real web page (it once was, though).

Reviewer: @sftim I agree we need to update the https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/learning-environment/ to be less confusing to the new users to know what is what, and clearly say what each tool is meant for

> Kubernetes 1.XX is available for download on [GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.XX.0). To get started with Kubernetes, check out these [interactive tutorials](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/) or run local Kubernetes clusters using Docker container “nodes” with [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/). You can also easily install 1.XX using [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/create-cluster-kubeadm/). 

Reviewer: 1- for user's quicker experience we could mention --kubernetes-version flag (so user tries this version of Kubernetes)

2- also we dont need to mention docker here, since minikube works with docker or any other driver.

Author: I removed the reference to the docker container

The release notes are pretty short and concise though and I'm not sure if adding a usage example would make the most sense in this scenario

> Kubernetes 1.XX is available for download on [GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.XX.0). To get started with Kubernetes, check out these [interactive tutorials](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/) or run local Kubernetes clusters using Docker container “nodes” with [minikube](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/). You can also easily install 1.XX using [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/create-cluster-kubeadm/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes 1.XX is available for download on [GitHub](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.XX.0). To get started with Kubernetes, check out these [interactive tutorials](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tutorials/) or run local Kubernetes clusters try [minikube start --kuberntes-version=1.XX](https://minikube.sigs.k8s.io/). You can also easily install 1.XX using [kubeadm](https://kubernetes.io/docs/setup/independent/create-cluster-kubeadm/). 
```

Author: This is having a command also be a link, so I'm going to close this suggestion
